# NYU Shanghai CS
I plan to upload all my homework on this page as a refernce to future NYU Shanghai CS Students. Good luck :smile:

Computer Science at NYU Shanghai is designed to create technological leaders with a global perspective, a broad education, and the capacity to think creatively. Computer science focuses on how to design, build, and effectively use the computers and systems that we interact with every day — from the iPhones in our hands to the complex databases in our banks and hospitals and to the self-driving cars of the future. Because computer technology powers the most essential functions of business, industry, government and entertainment, computer scientists have tremendous opportunities for growth and exploration. The liberal arts core provides the intellectual breadth, a “license to learn,” preparing students to thrive in a multicultural globalized world and to learn and adapt quickly in areas that evolve with ever-increasing swiftness.

The Bachelor of Science in Computer Science is a rigorous program that not only covers fundamental computer science subjects - such as object-oriented programming, computer architecture, and operating systems – but provides a wide variety of elective courses, spanning artificial intelligence, game programming, natural language processing, information visualization, security and privacy, computer networking, machine learning, and smartphone application development. Students are actively encouraged to pursue research with NYU Shanghai computer science professors, all of whom are renown in their respective fields. Students are involved in an increasing number of interdisciplinary initiatives across the university, including the Center for Data Science and Analytics and the Neuroscience Research Institute.

Computer science graduates have a myriad of career paths, including: creating information technology products of the future at large and dynamic companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Apple or within exciting high-tech startups throughout the world. Entrepreneurship skills combined with computer science prowess can help in creating your own high-tech startup, pursuing careers in business or finance that leverage computer science expertise, or going on to do cutting-edge research in a PhD program. Household names such as Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Page, Melisa Myers, Robin Li, and Kai-Fu Lee all began in computer science.

